The larger the MAD, the greater variability there is in the data (the data is more spread out).
The MAD helps determine whether the set's mean is a useful indicator of the values within the set.
The larger the MAD, the less relevant is the mean as an indicator of the values within the set.

In statistics, the mean squared error or MSE of an estimator is the expected value of the square of the "error."
The smaller the mean squared error is, the closer the estimator is to the actual data. 
Small mean squared error means that the randomness reflects the data more accurately than a larger mean squared error

MAPE is asymmetric and reports higher errors if the forecast is more than the actual 
and lower errors when the forecast is less than the actual.

If the forecast is greater than actual demand than the bias is positive (indicates over-forecast). 
The inverse, of course, results in a negative bias (indicates under-forecast).

Positive tracking signals indicate that demand is greater than forecast. 
Negative signals mean that demand is less than forecast. 

Time fence. That point in time inside of which the forecast is no longer included in total demand 
and projected available inventory calculations; inside this point, only customer orders are considered.

safety time is usually only preferable to safety stock when it is possible to make accurate forecasts of future required shipments over the lead time, 
otherwise safety stock is more robust in coping with changes in customer requirements in the lead time or with fluctuations in forecasts of lead time demand.

ATP: a positive value indicates you have inventory available to sell, 
a negative value indicates that your inventory is below your safety stock quantity.

A smoothing constant is a variable used in time series analysis based on exponential smoothing. 
This constant determines how the historical time series values are weighted.
The higher the smoothing constant, the greater weight assigned to the values from the latest period and as a consequence, 
the greater possibility for quick reaction to systematic changes in the time series.

MPC system requirements are not static. As competitive conditions, 
customer expectations, supplier capabilities, and internal needs change, 
the MPC system needs to change. In addition, the changes that are 
being addressed as we make one set of modifications may well be different 
when we move to another change that needs addressing. 